src/Readme.md, before:

# 🚀 Data Structures & Algorithms Journey

<div align="center">

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![DSA](https://img.shields.io/badge/DSA-Practice-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)
![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=black)
![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Progress-2%2F90%20Days-blue?style=for-the-badge)

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ansh-patoliya)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Ansh-Patoliya)

*A 90-day structured approach to mastering Data Structures and Algorithms*

</div>

---

## 📖 About This Project

Welcome to my **90-Day DSA Challenge**! This repository contains my daily practice, solutions, and progress as I work through fundamental and advanced data structures and algorithms problems.

### 🎯 Goals
- ✅ Master core data structures (Arrays, Linked Lists, Trees, Graphs, etc.)
- ✅ Understand essential algorithms (Sorting, Searching, Dynamic Programming)
- ✅ Solve 300+ coding problems from various platforms
- ✅ Build strong problem-solving skills for technical interviews
- ✅ Document learning journey with detailed explanations

---


## 🏆 Current Progress

### 📊 Statistics
- **Days Completed**: 1 / 90
- **Problems Solved**: 1 
- **Topics Covered**: None yet
- **Next Focus**: Arrays 

### 📅 Daily Progress
Check out [Progress.md](src/Progress.md) for detailed daily updates, learnings, and reflections.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Language**: Java ☕
- **IDE**: IntelliJ IDEA
- **Version Control**: Git & GitHub
- **Problem Sources**: LeetCode, HackerRank, GeeksforGeeks

---

## 💡 Key Learning Highlights

### 🎨 Code Quality Features
- **Comprehensive Documentation**: Every class includes detailed problem descriptions, approaches, time/space complexity analysis
- **Multiple Solutions**: Most problems include 2-3 different approaches with trade-off analysis
- **Edge Case Handling**: Thorough consideration of boundary conditions and special cases
- **Clean Code Practices**: Well-structured, readable, and maintainable code

[//]: # (### 🧠 Problem-Solving Patterns)

[//]: # (- Two Pointers Technique)

[//]: # (- Sliding Window Approach)

[//]: # (- Hash Map Optimization)

[//]: # (- In-place Array Manipulation)

[//]: # (- Bit Manipulation Tricks)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Java 8 or higher
- IntelliJ IDEA (recommended) or any Java IDE

### Setup
1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DSA.git
   cd DSA
   ```

2. **Open in IDE**
   - Import the project in IntelliJ IDEA
   - Ensure Java SDK is properly configured

3. **Run Solutions**
   - Navigate to any `.java` file
   - Each class contains a `main` method for testing
   - Run individual problems or create test suites

---

## 🤝 Contributing

While this is a personal learning journey, suggestions and improvements are welcome!

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request

---

## 📝 Notes

- Each solution includes detailed comments explaining the approach
- Time and space complexity analysis provided
- Multiple approaches shown where applicable
- Edge cases and test scenarios documented

---

## 📞 Connect With Me

Feel free to reach out if you have questions or want to discuss problem-solving approaches!

- 📧 Email: anshpatoliya1408@gmail.com




---

<div align="center">

**⭐ Star this repository if you find it helpful!**

*Happy Coding! 🎉*

</div>

Commit message:

Update progress documentation for Days 1 and 2, enhance README with connection links, and improve formatting

src/Readme.md, after:

# 🚀 Data Structures & Algorithms Journey

<div align="center">

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![DSA](https://img.shields.io/badge/DSA-Practice-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)
![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=black)
![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Progress-2%2F90%20Days-blue?style=for-the-badge)

---

### 🌐 Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ansh-patoliya)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Ansh-Patoliya)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:anshpatoliya1408@gmail.com)

---

*A 90-day structured approach to mastering Data Structures and Algorithms*

</div>

---

## 📖 About This Project

Welcome to my **90-Day DSA Challenge**! This repository contains my daily practice, solutions, and progress as I work through fundamental and advanced data structures and algorithms problems.

### 🎯 Goals
- ✅ Master core data structures (Arrays, Linked Lists, Trees, Graphs, etc.)
- ✅ Understand essential algorithms (Sorting, Searching, Dynamic Programming)
- ✅ Solve 300+ coding problems from various platforms
- ✅ Build strong problem-solving skills for technical interviews
- ✅ Document learning journey with detailed explanations

---


## 🏆 Current Progress

### 📊 Statistics
- **Days Completed**: 2 / 90
- **Problems Solved**: 2 
- **Topics Covered**: None yet
- **Next Focus**: Arrays 

### 📅 Daily Progress
Check out [Progress.md](Progress.md) for detailed daily updates, learnings, and reflections.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Language**: Java ☕
- **IDE**: IntelliJ IDEA
- **Version Control**: Git & GitHub
- **Problem Sources**: LeetCode, HackerRank, GeeksforGeeks

---

## 💡 Key Learning Highlights

### 🎨 Code Quality Features
- **Comprehensive Documentation**: Every class includes detailed problem descriptions, approaches, time/space complexity analysis
- **Multiple Solutions**: Most problems include 2-3 different approaches with trade-off analysis
- **Edge Case Handling**: Thorough consideration of boundary conditions and special cases
- **Clean Code Practices**: Well-structured, readable, and maintainable code

[//]: # (### 🧠 Problem-Solving Patterns)

[//]: # (- Two Pointers Technique)

[//]: # (- Sliding Window Approach)

[//]: # (- Hash Map Optimization)

[//]: # (- In-place Array Manipulation)

[//]: # (- Bit Manipulation Tricks)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Java 8 or higher
- IntelliJ IDEA (recommended) or any Java IDE

### Setup
1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/DSA.git
   cd DSA
   ```

2. **Open in IDE**
   - Import the project in IntelliJ IDEA
   - Ensure Java SDK is properly configured

3. **Run Solutions**
   - Navigate to any `.java` file
   - Each class contains a `main` method for testing
   - Run individual problems or create test suites

---

## 🤝 Contributing

While this is a personal learning journey, suggestions and improvements are welcome!

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request

---

## 📝 Notes

- Each solution includes detailed comments explaining the approach
- Time and space complexity analysis provided
- Multiple approaches shown where applicable
- Edge cases and test scenarios documented

---

## 📞 Connect With Me

Feel free to reach out if you have questions or want to discuss problem-solving approaches!

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Ansh_Patoliya-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ansh-patoliya)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Ansh--Patoliya-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Ansh-Patoliya)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-anshpatoliya1408@gmail.com-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:anshpatoliya1408@gmail.com)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

**⭐ Star this repository if you find it helpful!**

*Happy Coding! 🎉*

</div>
